Welcome to my AI Travel Assistant Itinerary Planner. 
This project is part of a SheCodes course to learn how to use AI in Python.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Written in Python, this simple program demonstrates using API calls in Python functions.
One function (display_current_weather) makes an API call to the SheCodes Weather API
Another function (generate_itinerary) makes an API call to SheCodes AI. 

To generate a travel itinerary, the program starts by asking the user for inputs: 
  origin, destination, duration (of trip), and destination_days (how many days the user wants to spend at the destination)
  travel_time is calculated by type casting the duration and destination_days as integers
  then subtracting duration - destination_days

Next the program displays these inputs and checks that duration and destination_days are both integers. 
  If either duration or destination_days are not integers, an error message is displayed.
  If all inputs are valid, the inputs are passed into the functions to retrieve the current forecast and then generate the itinerary.

To retrieve the current forecast, the display_current_weather function is called twice, once with the user input of origin and once with destination.
  The response is in the form of a json object including comprehensive weather data (humidity, temperature, condition, etc.) 
  For each location, only the current temperature, and condition are provided to the user in a statement styled from Markdown using the rich python library

To generate the itinerary, the pyton function generate_itinerary takes 5 parameters, including the user inputs of: 
    origin, destination, duration, destination_days (number of days spent at the destination), 
      as well as the calculated travel time.
  The itinerary is generated by the SheCodes AI with the variables of context, prompt, and api key passed into the api url
  The user inputs are all used in the prompt so that the AI knows the parameters for the road trip.
  The AI recommends an itinerary, which is returned as a json object.
  Within the json object, the answer is the travel itinerary that the AI has generated.
  The answer is then styled from Markdown using the rich python library.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Thank You and Happy Coding!
